#String FormattingThe art of printing in python is made much easier with its numerous string functions, which go beyond manipulating the string by calling a function like	string.function()In reality, you are able to use these functions with any iterable data structure in python, such as lists. However we will be using them on strings to start off.##Splice NotationWhen you only want certain items in a list, or as we will see here, certain characters in a string, splice notation will come in handy. Here is the format for spice notation:	someString = "San Diego Coding"	someString = someString[begindex:endindex:step]The indices inside the brackets should be replaced with integers. What that second line does is it takes *someString* and "splices" it, based on the indices in the brackets. *begindex* is the index of the first character you want to have in your new string. *endindex* is the index of the character **after** the last character in your spliced string. *step* is the pattern specifier. Keep in mind that you do not have to specify each index.For example:	print(someString[4:])will return	>> Diego CodingLikewise, you can specify the end of your spliced string:	print(someString[:12])	>> San Diego CoPutting them together, we get	print(someString[4:12])	>> Diego Cowhich goes from the 4th index to the index **before** the 12th. Now we're going to do something weird:	print(someString[:-3])What happens when you put a negative number as an index? The negative number indices actually act like positive indices, but coming from the end of the string as opposed to the front. The character someString[-3] is an "i", which is the third character *from the back*! So, the code above should print:	>> San Diego CodUsing what you learned, figure out what this will give you:	print(someString[-12:12])Here is a neat table for reference:| someString     | S   | a   | n   |     | D   | i   | e   | g  | o  |    | C  | o  | d  | i  | n  | g  |  |----------------|-----|-----|-----|-----|-----|-----|-----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|  | positive index | 0   | 1   | 2   | 3   | 4   | 5   | 6   | 7  | 8  | 9  | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 |  | negative index | -16 | -15 | -14 | -13 | -12 | -11 | -10 | -9 | -8 | -7 | -6 | -5 | -4 | -3 | -2 | -1 |  Now, there is also a third index specification in the string splice notation: *step*, which specifies the pattern at which you add to your new string. To give an example:	print(someString[::2])returns a new string with **every other** character. The first two sections are blank, as we are working with the entire string. It returns	>> SnDeoCdnThe new string includes only every second character in *someString*. Putting a 3 in *step* will give you every third character and so on. Now, what happens when you specify *step* as a negative number?	print(someString[::-1])gives you every character in *someString* but in **reverse order**.	>> gnidoC ogeiD naS